Allow users to change version slug (#6204)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/faq.rst

If that isn't enough,
you can request the change sending an email to support@readthedocs.org.

How do I change the version slug of my project?
-----------------------------------------------

One way is renaming the branch/tag of your version.
But if that isn't possible,

> you can rename the slug from the :guilabel:`Versions` tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can achieve this by renaming the branch/tag of your version.
If that is not possible,
you can change the slug of the version from the :guilabel:`Versions` tab.
```

.. warning::

>    Be careful, changing the slug will break existing URLs.

Reviewer: Can we suggest a good redirect to avoid this? Like, "You may want to add an Exact Redirect from `/en/oldversion/$rest` to `/en/newversion/$rest`" or similar.

Reviewer: I think the warning message should still be there, though.

Author: I was thinking about that, even automatically doing it. Maybe a warning/message at the top of the form is better.
